# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?

    In the Console.rb file on line 6, 15 and 24

Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?

     In the update() method on property.rb line 36

Q3. In console.rb, which lines modify the database?

    Line 4 Delete everything in the db
    Lines 13, 22, 31 populate the db with the properties 1 , 2 , 3
    Line 33 delete the property1 from the db
    Line 35 save in a the var all_the_properties all the rows of the db
    Line 37 and 39 perform a search on db

Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?

    Because the SQL code does unique sequential id for every element we add to the db

Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?

    In the function save on line 32

Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor?

    In order to

Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?

    Because some actions are made on a sigle row/ element of the db when others on the entire db

Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`? In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?

    It's an array of hases, and we access it like this [0]["id"]

Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?

    In order not to allow "PG" to sanitize our inputs, and do not destroy the db

## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?

    The id of the property on line 37 of console.rb
    and the address of the full address

Q11. What are their return values?

    instances of property class 
